README.md, before:

# Become a Software Professional 2023

>This project is about a website for a gym called MegaRocket showing all its features and style.

## Week 01
On this week we had to create the screenflows of the project on FIGMA. My team worked on Super Admin section.

Summary:
- Divide into teams and each team has a section to work on
- Create the screens
- Create the flow with the screens
- Show the screens to our tutors to verify the project
- Apply the corrections
- Finish the screenflow

## Week 02
On this week I made the folder with the HTML and README files to start the project and push it to github.

Summary:
- Create the repository that will contain the project
- Create the folders with the index and README files
- Create a folder to locate the images
- Start the code on the index
- Create all the sections in the HTML code
- Finish the landing page
- Fill the README with the information
- Push to github

## Week 03
On this week I made the folder with the CSS files (styles.css and reset.css) to design all the page.

Summary:
- Create the folders, assets for the images and css for the .css files
- Link the .css files to the index to start the design
- Apply the corrections of the feedback on the index file
- Start the code on the styles file
- Design all the sections and elements
- Finish the landing page
- Fill the README with the information
- Push to github

## Week 04
On this week I made the responsive design for the page using flexbox and media queries.

Summary:
- Create the folder "Week-04"
- Create separate css files and link it to the index to start the design
- Design all the sections and elements using responsive design
- Finish the landing page
- Create a repository to use Github pages
- Fill the README with the information
- Push to github

## Week 05
On this week I made the exercises on JavaScript.

Summary:
- Create the folder "Week-05"
- Create the folder exercises and the index file
- Link all the scripts on the html file
- Start to solve the exercises
- Finish the exercises
- Fill the README with the information
- Push to github

## Author
Galo Durante

Commit message:

BaSP-W06-2023: fill the readme and the requirements files

README.md, after:

# Become a Software Professional 2023

>This project is about a website for a gym called MegaRocket showing all its features and style.

## Week 01
On this week we had to create the screenflows of the project on FIGMA. My team worked on Super Admin section.

Summary:
- Divide into teams and each team has a section to work on
- Create the screens
- Create the flow with the screens
- Show the screens to our tutors to verify the project
- Apply the corrections
- Finish the screenflow

## Week 02
On this week I made the folder with the HTML and README files to start the project and push it to github.

Summary:
- Create the repository that will contain the project
- Create the folders with the index and README files
- Create a folder to locate the images
- Start the code on the index
- Create all the sections in the HTML code
- Finish the landing page
- Fill the README with the information
- Push to github

## Week 03
On this week I made the folder with the CSS files (styles.css and reset.css) to design all the page.

Summary:
- Create the folders, assets for the images and css for the .css files
- Link the .css files to the index to start the design
- Apply the corrections of the feedback on the index file
- Start the code on the styles file
- Design all the sections and elements
- Finish the landing page
- Fill the README with the information
- Push to github

## Week 04
On this week I made the responsive design for the page using flexbox and media queries.

Summary:
- Create the folder "Week-04"
- Create separate css files and link it to the index to start the design
- Design all the sections and elements using responsive design
- Finish the landing page
- Create a repository to use Github pages
- Fill the README with the information
- Push to github

## Week 05
On this week I made the exercises on JavaScript.

Summary:
- Create the folder "Week-05"
- Create the folder exercises and the index file
- Link all the scripts on the html file
- Start to solve the exercises
- Finish the exercises
- Fill the README with the information
- Push to github

## Week 06
On this week I made the validations of the forms on JavaScript.

Summary:
- Create the folder "Week-06"
- Create and organize the folders on the project
- Fill the requirements file for the inputs
- Apply the requirements on the js files to implement the validations
- Fill the README with the information
- Push to github

link to github page: https://galodurante.github.io/BaSP-M2023/Week-06/views/
## Author
Galo Durante
